Its not fear and terror, its reality. You just have to look today at Indonesia, bombings all over.
You look at California, you look, frankly, at Paris where theres a  the strictest no-gun policy of any city anywhere in the world, and you see what happens: 130 people dead with many to follow. Theyre very, very badly wounded. They will  some will follow. And you look around, and you see whats happening, and this is not the case when he introduced the doctor  very nice, everything perfect but that is not representative of what you have in that line of migration.
That could be the great Trojan Horse. It could be people that are going to do great, great destruction. When I look at the migration, I looked at the line, I said it actually on your show recently, where are the women? It looked like very few women. Very few children. Strong, powerful men, young and people are looking at that and theyre saying whats going on?
You look at the kind of damage that two people that two people that got married, they were radicalized  they got married, they killed 15 people in actually 15  going to be probably 16 but you look at that and you take a look  a good strong look and thats what we have. We are nineteen trillion dollars  our countrys a mess and we cant let all these people come into our country and break our borders. We cant do it.
But I was born here.
Big difference.
OK, good. Because it wouldnt work.
... first of all, let me just tell you something  and you know, because you just saw the numbers yourself  NBC Wall Street Journal just came out with a poll  headline: Trump way up, Cruz going down. I mean, so dont  so you cant  you cant...
... they dont like the Wall Street Journal. They dont like NBC, but I like the poll.
And frankly, it just came out, and in Iowa now, as you know, Ted, in the last three polls, Im beating you. So  you know, you shouldnt misrepresent how well youre doing with the polls.
You dont have to say that. In fact, I was all for you until you started doing that, because thats a misrepresentation, number one.
Number two, this isnt me saying it. I dont care. I think Im going to win fair and square to win this way. Thank you.
Lawrence Tribe and from Harvard  of Harvard, said that there is a serious question as to whether or not Ted can do this. OK? There are other attorneys that feel, and very, very fine constitutional attorneys, that feel that because he was not born on the land, he cannot run for office.
Heres the problem. Were running. Were running. He does great. I win. I choose him as my vice presidential candidate, and the Democrats sue because we cant take him along for the ride. I dont like that. OK?
The fact is  and if for some reason he beats the rest of the field, he beats the rest of the field (inaudible). See, they dont like that. They dont like that.
No, they dont like he beats the rest of the field, because they want me.
But  if for some reason, Neil, he beats the rest of the field, I already know the Democrats are going to be bringing a suit. You have a big lawsuit over your head while youre running. And if you become the nominee, who the hell knows if you can even serve in office? So you should go out, get a declaratory judgment, let the courts decide. And you shouldnt have mentioned the polls because I would have been much...
Because now hes going a little bit better. No, I didnt care (inaudible). Its true. No, its true. Hey look, he never had a chance. Now, hes doing better. Hes got probably a four or five percent chance.
The fact is, there is a big overhang. Theres a big question mark on your head. And you cant do that to the party. You really cant. You cant do that to the party. You have to have certainty. Even if it was a one percent chance, and its far greater than one percent because (inaudible).
I mean, you have great constitutional lawyers that say you cant run. If there was a  and you know Im not bringing a suit. I promise. But the Democrats are going to bring a lawsuit, and you have to have certainty. You cant have a question. I can agree with you or not, but you cant have a question over your head.
You dont have to. Take it from Lawrence Tribe.
Take it from your professors...
Hes wrong. Hes wrong.
He is not the only one.
There are many lawyers.
No  no...
... I think if it doesnt...
I like that. I like it. Id consider it. But I think Ill go back to building buildings if it doesnt work out.
I have a feeling its going to work out, actually.
Okay. First of all, Nikki this afternoon said Im a friend of hers. Actually a close friend. And wherever you are sitting Nikki, Im a friend. Were friends. Thats good.
But she did say there was anger. And I could say, oh, Im not angry. Im very angry because our country is being run horribly and I will gladly accept the mantle of anger. Our military is a disaster.
Our healthcare is a horror show. Obamacare, were going to repeal it and replace it. We have no borders. Our vets are being treated horribly. Illegal immigration is beyond belief. Our country is being run by incompetent people. And yes, I am angry.
And I wont be angry when we fix it, but until we fix it, Im very, very angry. And I say that to Nikki. So when Nikki said that, I wasnt offended. She said the truth.
One of your colleagues interviewed me. And said, well, she said you were angry and I said to myself, huh, shes right. Im not fighting that. I didnt find it offensive at all. Im angry because our country is a mess.
No. I am a 2nd amendment person. If we had guns in California on the other side where the bullets went in the different direction, you wouldnt have 14 or 15 people dead right now.
If even in Paris, if they had guns on the other side, going in the opposite direction, you wouldnt have 130 people plus dead. So the answer is no and what Jeb said is absolutely correct.
We have a huge mental health problem in this country. Were closing hospitals, were closing wards, were closing so many because the states want to save money. We have to get back into looking at whats causing it. The guns dont pull the trigger. Its the people that pull the trigger and we have to find out what is going on.
We have to protect our 2nd amendment and you cannot do this and certainly what Barack Obama was doing with the executive order. He doesnt want to get people together, the old-fashioned way, where you get Congress. You get the Congress, you get the Senate, you get together, you do legislation. He just writes out an executive order. Not supposed to happen that way.
You get the Congress. You get the Senate. You get together. You do legislation. He just writes out an order, executive order. Its not supposed to happen that way.
So conservatives actually do come out of Manhattan, including William F. Buckley and others, just so you understand.
And just so  if I could, because he insulted a lot of people. Ive had more calls on that statement that Ted made  New York is a great place. Its got great people, its got loving people, wonderful people.
When the World Trade Center came down, I saw something that no place on Earth could have handled more beautifully, more humanely than New York. You had two one hundred...
... you had two 110-story buildings come crashing down. I saw them come down. Thousands of people killed, and the cleanup started the next day, and it was the most horrific cleanup, probably in the history of doing this, and in construction. I was down there, and Ive never seen anything like it.
And the people in New York fought and fought and fought, and we saw more death, and even the smell of death  nobody understood it. And it was with us for months, the smell, the air. And we rebuilt downtown Manhattan, and everybody in the world watched and everybody in the world loved New York and loved New Yorkers. And I have to tell you, that was a very insulting statement that Ted made.
No.
No.
Look, we have to stop with political correctness. We have to get down to creating a country thats not going to have the kind of problems that weve had with people flying planes into the World Trade Centers, with the  with the shootings in California, with all the problems all over the world. I just left Indonesia  bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
We have to find out whats going on. I said temporarily. I didnt say permanently. I said temporarily. And I have many great Muslim friends. And some of them, I will say, not all, have called me and said, Donald, thank you very much; youre exposing an unbelievable problem and we have to get to the bottom of it.
And unlike President Obama, where he refuses even to use the term of whats going on, he cant use the term for whatever reason. And if you cant use the term, youre never going to solve the problem. My Muslim friends, some, said, thank you very much; well get to the bottom of it.
But we have a serious problem. And we cant be the stupid country any more. Were laughed at all over the world.
Eleven points, to be exact.
I want security for this country. OK?
I want security. Im tired of seeing whats going on, between the border where the people flow over; people come in; they live; they shoot. I want security for this country. We have a serious problem with, as you know, with radical Islam. We have a tremendous problem. Its not only a problem here. Its a problem all over the world.
I want to find out why those two young people  those two horrible young people in California when they shot the 14 people, killed them  people they knew, people that held the wedding reception for them. I want to find out  many people saw pipe bombs and all sorts of things all over their apartment. Why werent they vigilant? Why didnt they call? Why didnt they call the police?
And by the way, the police are the most mistreated people in this country. I will tell you that.
The most mistreated people. In fact, we need to  wait a minute  we need vigilance. We have to find out  many people knew about what was going on. Why didnt they turn those two people in so that you wouldnt have had all the death?
Theres something going on and its bad. And Im saying we have to get to the bottom of it. Thats all Im saying. We need security.
2016 Delegate Count and Primary Results
The 2016 primaries and caucuses have begun. See results and upcoming primary dates.
Thats wrong. They were wrong. Its the New York Times, they are always wrong.
They were wrong.
No, I said,  I would use   they were asking me what to do about North Korea. China, they dont like to tell us but they have total control  just about, of North Korea. They can solve the problem of North Korea if they wanted to but they taunt us.
They say,  well, we dont really have control. Without China, North Korea doesnt even eat. China is ripping us on trade. Theyre devaluing their currency and theyre killing our companies. Thousands of thousands  you look at the number of companies and the number in terms of manufacturing of plans that weve lost  50,000 because of China.
Weve lost anywhere between four and seven million jobs because of China. What I said then was, we have very unfair trade with China. Were going to have a trade deficit of 505 billion dollars this year with China. A lot of that is because they devalue their currency.
What I said to the New York Times, is that, we have great power, economic power over China and if we wanted to use that and the amount  where the 45 percent comes in, that would be the amount they saw their devaluations that we should get. That we should get.
What Im saying is this, Im saying that we do it but if they dont start treating us fairly and stop devaluing and let their currency rise so that our companies can compete and we dont lose all of these millions of jobs that were losing, I would certainly start taxing goods that come in from China. Who the hell has to lose 505 billion dollars a year?
Its not that complicated actually.
OK, just so you understand  I know so much about trading about with China. Carl Icahn today as you know endorsed. Many businessmen want to endorse me.
Carl said, no, no   but hes somebody  these are the kind of people that we should use to negotiate and not the China people that we have who are political hacks who dont know what theyre doing and we have problems like this. If these are the kinds of people  we should use our best and our finest.
Now, on that tariff  heres what Im saying, China  they send their goods and we dont tax it  they do whatever they want to do. They do whatever what they do, OK. When we do business with China, they tax us. You dont know it, they tax us.
I have many friends that deal with China. They cant  when they order the product and when they finally get the product it is taxed. If you looking at what happened with Boeing and if you look at what happened with so many companies that deal  so we dont have an equal playing field. Im saying, absolutely, we dont have to continue to lose 505 billion dollars as a trade deficit for the privilege of dealing with China.
Im a free trader. I believe in it but we have to be smart and we have to use smart people to negotiate. I have the largest bank in the world as a tenant of mine. I sell tens of millions of (inaudible).
I love China. I love the Chinese people but they laugh themselves, they cant believe how stupid the American leadership is.
Im totally open to a tariff. If they dont treat us fairly, hey, their whole trade is tariffed. You cant deal in China without tariffs. They do it to us, we dont it. Its not fair trade.
Im happy to have him tonight...
Neil, the problem 
 with what Marco is saying is that it takes too long, theyre sucking us dry and it takes too long. It would just  you absolutely have to get involved with China, they are taking so much of what we have in terms of jobs in terms of money. We just cant do it any longer.
You looking at me?
Can I tell you what? It will never happen because theyll let their currency go up. Theyre never going to let it happen.
Japan, the same thing. They are devaluing  its so impossible for  you look at Caterpillar Tractor and whats happening with Caterpillar and Kamatsu (ph). Kamatsu (ph) is a tractor company in Japan. Friends of mine are ordering Kamatsu (ph) tractors now because theyve de-valued the yen to such an extent that you cant buy a Caterpillar tractor. And were letting them get away with it and we cant let them get away with it.
And thats why we have to use Carl (ph) and we have to use our great businesspeople and not political hacks to negotiate with these guys.
And we dont need a weak person being president of the United State, OK? Because thats what wed get if it were Jeb  I tell you what, we dont need that.
We dont need that. Thats essentially what we have now, and we dont need that. And thats why were in the trouble that were in now. And by the way, Jeb you mentioned Boeing, take a look. They order planes, they make Boeing build their plant in China. They dont want them made here. They want those planes made in China.
Thats not the way the game is supposed to be played.
No, the new planes. Im not talking about now, Im talking about in the future theyre building massive plants in China because China does not want Boeing building their planes here, they want them built in China, because China happens to be smart the way they do it, not the way we do it.
Ill check for you.
Maria  Maria, what you were talking about just now is called corporate inversion. Its one of the biggest problems our country has. Right now, corporations, by the thousands, are thinking of leaving our country with the jobs  leave them behind. Theyre leaving because of taxes, but they are also leaving because they cant get their money back and everybody agrees, Democrats and Republicans, that is should come back in. But they cant get along. They cant even make a deal.
Here is the case, they both agree, they cant make a deal. We have to do something. Corporate inversion is one of the biggest problems we have. So many companies are going to leave our country.
Thank you.
Well, its an interesting question because Im very proud of my company. As you too know, I know I built a very great company. But if I become president, I couldnt care less about my company. Its peanuts.
I want to use that same up here, whatever it may be to make America rich again and to make America great again. I have Ivanka, and Eric and Don sitting there. Run the company kids, have a good time. Im going to do it for America.
So I would  I would be willing to do that.
I would put it in a blind trust. Well, I dont know if its a blind trust if Ivanka, Don and Eric run it. If thats a blind trust, I dont know. But I would probably have my children run it with my executives and I wouldnt ever be involved because I wouldnt care about anything but our country, anything.
Thank you.
I stood yesterday with 75 construction workers. Theyre tough, theyre strong, theyre great people. Half of them had tears pouring down their face. They were watching the humiliation of our young ten sailors, sitting on the floor with their knees in a begging position, their hands up.
And Iranian wise guys having guns to their heads. It was a terrible sight. A terrible sight. And the only reason we got them back is because we owed them with a stupid deal, $150 billion. If Im president, there wont be stupid deals anymore.
We will make America great again. We will win on everything we do. Thank you.
