Well, I hadnt thought of doing it, but if you want I can give you some of the names Walid Phares, who you probably know, PhD, adviser to the House of Representatives caucus, and counter-terrorism expert; Carter Page, PhD; George Papadopoulos, hes an energy and oil consultant, excellent guy; the Honorable Joe Schmitz, [former] inspector general at the Department of Defense; [retired] Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg; and I have quite a few more. But thats a group of some of the people that we are dealing with. We have many other people in different aspects of what we do, but thats a representative group.
No, other than to say, were working hard, I think were all in the same business of trying to make our country better, a better place, so we have something in common. Ive been treated very, very badly by The Washington Post, but, you know, I guess  and Im your neighbor, Im your neighbor right down the road, in fact were actually giving a press conference there in a little while, I think your people are going to be there. And by the way, Bob Costa is an excellent reporter, Ive found him to be just an excellent reporter. I should tell you, because I have to give you the good and the bad. Not that he does me any favors, because he doesnt, but hes a real professional.
2:15. I hear a lot of the press is going to be there, were going to give them a tour of the building. Its still a little bit rough  as an example, a lot of the marble surfaces all have sheetrock covering, and plywood covering on them, so a lot of people wont see as much as they think. Itll be like a miracle, you take it off and it explodes, like its finished, right? But thatll be a fun news conference.
Well, because I know so many of them, and because in many cases I like them, I hate to get totally involved. I think George Shultz was very good, I thought he was excellent. I can tell you, I think your last secretary of state and your current secretary of state have not done much. I think John Kerrys deal with Iran is one of the worst things that Ive ever seen negotiated of any kind. Its just a horrible giveaway.
Well, I think, number one, we shouldnt have given the money back. I think, number two, we should have had our prisoners before the negotiations started. We should have doubled up the sanctions. We should have gone in and said, release our prisoners, they would have said no, and we would have said, double up the sanctions, and within a short period of time we would have had our prisoners back. And I think that was a terrible mistake. I think giving the money back was a terrible mistake. And by the way they are not using the money on us, they are not buying anything from us, theyre buying, you noticed, they didnt buy Boeing, they bought Airbus, 118 planes from what I understand, but they bought them all from Airbus, they go out of their way not to spend any money in our country. So I wouldnt have done that. And I think its going to just lead, actually, to nuclear problems. I also think its going to be bad for Israel. Its a very bad deal for Israel.
I do think its a different world today and I dont think we should be nation building anymore. I think its proven not to work. And we have a different country than we did then. You know we have 19 trillion dollars in debt. Were sitting probably on a bubble and, you know, its a bubble that if it breaks is going to be very nasty. And I just think we have to rebuild our country. If you look at the infrastructure  I just landed at an airport where, not in good shape, not in good shape. If you go to Qatar and if you go to (inaudible) you see airports the likes of which you have never seen before. Dubai, different places in China. You see infrastructure, you see airports, other things, the likes of which you have never seen here.
Well, there is, I just think that we have values in our country that we have to promote. We have a country that is in bad shape, its in bad condition. You look at our inner cities, our inner cities are a horrible mess. I watched Baltimore, I have many, many friends in Baltimore, we watched what happened. St. Louis, Ferguson, Oakland, it could have been much worse over the summer. And it will probably be worse this summer. But you look at some of our inner cities. And yet you know I watched as we built schools in Iraq and theyd be blown up. And wed build another one and it would get blown up. And we would rebuild it three times. And yet we cant build a school in Brooklyn. We have no money for education, because we cant build in our own country. And at what point do you say hey, we have to take care of ourselves. So, you know, I know the outer world exists and Ill be very cognizant of that but at the same time, our country is disintegrating, large sections of it, especially in the inner cities.
Well, number one, Id create economic zones. Id create incentives for companies to move in. Id work on spirit because the spirit is so low, its incredible, the unemployment, you look at unemployment for black youth in this country, African American youth, is 58-59 percent. Its unthinkable. Unemployment for African Americans  not youth, but African Americans  is very high. And I would create in the inner cities, which is what I really do best, thats why when I open a building and I show you its way ahead of schedule, under budget and everything elseI think it was the Rite Aid store, the store in Baltimore it took them 20 years to get it built, one store, and then it burned down in one nightwe have to create incentives for people to love what they are doing, and to make money. And to create, you know, to really create a better life for themselves. And you cant  it doesnt seem right that you will have a situation like Baltimore, and many other places, lets use Baltimore as an example, there are many Baltimores in this country. Detroit is maybe even a better example than Baltimore. But that youll have a situation like that, and then were over nation building with other, with countries that in many cases dont want us there. They want our money, but they dont want us.
Well Ive never really see anything that  you know, I feel very strongly about law enforcement. And, you know, if you look at the riot that took place over the summer, if that were stopped  it all, it mostly took place on the first evening, and if that were stopped on the first evening, you know, youd have a much nicer city right now, because much of that damage and much of the destruction was done on Evening One. So I feel that law enforcement, its got to play a big role. Its got to play a big role. But thats a pretty good example, because tremendous amounts of damage was done that first evening  first two evenings, but the first evening in particular. And so Im a very strong believer in law enforcement, but Im also a very strong believer that the inner cities can come back.
Well, look, I mean, I have to see what happens with the trial. I
Ive read where there are and Ive read where there arent. I mean, Ive read both. And, you know, I have no opinion on that. Because frankly, what Im saying is you know we have to create incentives for people to go back and to reinvigorate the areas and to put people to work.  And you know we have lost million and millions of jobs to China and other countries. And theyve been taken out of this country, and when I say millions, you know its, its tremendous. Ive seen 5 million jobs, Ive seen numbers that range from 6 million to, to smaller numbers. But its many millions of jobs, and its to countries all over. Mexico is really becoming the new China. And I have great issue with that. Because you know I use in speeches sometimes Ford or sometimes I use Carrier  its all the same: Ford, Carrier, Nabisco, so many of the companies  theyre moving to Mexico now. And you know we shouldnt be allowing that to happen. And tremendous unemployment, tremendous. Theyre allowing tremendous people that have worked for the companies for a long time, theyre allowing, if they want to move around and they want to work on incentives within the United States, thats one thing, but when they take these companies out of the United States. Other countries are outsmarting us by giving them advantages, you know, like in the case of Mexico. In the case of many other countries. Like Ireland is, youre losing Pfizer to Ireland, a great pharmaceutical company that with many, many jobs and its going to move to Ireland.
That would concern me, Ruth. It would concern me. But at the same time it can be solved to a large extant with jobs. You know, if we can rebuild those communities and create incentives for companies to move in and create jobs. Jobs are so important. There are no jobs. There are none. You go to those communities and you cant  there is nothing there. There is no incentive for people. It is a very sad situation. And what makes it even sadder is that we are spending so much money in other countries and our own country has vast pockets of poverty and a lot of this is caused by the fact that there are no jobs. So we can create jobs in places like Baltimore and Detroit. You know, Detroit made a move, but I dont know but it just seems to be fizzling. I dont know what is going on. I watched Detroit four, five years ago and it looked like they were really putting a full-court press on and it doesnt seem to be, from what Ive been told, friends of mine that are very much involved in that whole process that it doesnt seem to be, doesnt seem to be something that is being pursued like it should be pursued. But if we can create jobs, it will solve so many problems.
I think whats different is we have a very divided country. And whether we like it or not, its divided as bad as Ive ever seen it. Ive been, you know, Ive been doing things for a long time. I see it all the time. I mean I see it so often. I see it when we go out and we have 21,000 people in Phoenix, Arizona, the other day, the division  not so much Phoenix, because that was actually very smooth, there wasnt even a minor, they did block a road, but after that, that was Sheriff Joe Arpaio, when the road was unblocked everyone left and it was fine. But in Tucson, you can see the division. You can see the division. Theres a racial division thats incredible actually in the country. I think its as bad, I mean you have to say its as bad or almost as bad as its ever been. And theres a lack of spirit. And one thing I thought that would happen, and it hasnt happened, unfortunately, I thought that President Obama would be a great cheerleader for the country. And it just hasnt happened. I mean we can say it has. But it hasnt happened. When you look at the Ferguson problems and the Baltimore problems and the Detroit problems. And you know theres a lack of spirit. I actually think Id be a great cheerleader  beyond other things, the other things that Id do  I actually think Id be a great cheerleader for the country. Because a lot of people feel its a hopeless situation. A lot of people in the inner cities they feel that way. And you have to start by giving them hope and giving them spirit and that has not taken place. Just has not taken place.
I might not have to, based on Gawker. Right?
That was an amazing
Okay, look, Ive had stories written about me  by your newspaper and by others  that are so false, that are written with such hatred  Im not a bad person. Im just doing my thing  Im, you know, running, I want to do something thats good. Its not an easy thing to do. I had a nice life until I did this, you know. This is a very difficult thing to do. In fact Ive always heard that if youre a very successful person you cant run for office. And I can understand that. Youll do a hundred deals, and youll do one bad one or two bad ones  thats all they read about are the bad ones. They dont read about the one hundred and fifty great ones that you had. And even some of the ones they write that are good, they make them sound bad. You know, so Ive always heard that. Ive heard that if youre successful  very successful  you just cant run for
What I would do, what I would do is Id  well right now the libel laws, I mean I must tell you that the Hulk Hogan thing was a tremendous shock to me because  not only the amount and the fact that he had the victory  because for the most part I think libel laws almost dont exist in this country, you know, based on, based on everything Ive seen and watched and everything else, and I just think that if a paper writes something wrong  media, when I say paper Im talking about media. I think that they can do a retraction if theyre wrong. They should at least try to get it right. And if they dont do a retraction, they should, they should you know have a form of a trial. I dont want to impede free press, by the way. The last thing I would want to do is that. But I mean I can only speak for  I probably get more  do I, I mean, you would know, do I get more publicity than any human being on the earth? Okay? I mean, [Editors note: Trump points at Ruth Marcus] she kills me, this one  thats okay, nice woman.
No, I would just say this. All I want is fairness. So unfair. I have stories and you have no recourse, you have no recourse whatsoever because the laws are really impotent.
In a better world  no  in a better world I would be able to get a retraction or a correction. Not even a retraction, a correction.
I had one basic big libel suit, it was a very bad system, it was New Jersey. I had a great judge, the first one, and I was going to win it. And then I had another good judge, the second one, and then they kept switching judges. And the third one was a bad judge. Thats what happened. But, uh
I would make it so that when someone writes incorrectly, yeah, I think I would get a little bit away from malice without having to get too totally away. Look, I think many of the stories about me are written badly. I dont know if its malice because the people dont know me. When Charles writes about me or when Ruth writes about me, you know, weve never really met. And I get these stories and theyre so angry and I actually say, I actually say, How could they write?  and many stories I must tell you, many stories are written that with a brief phone call could be corrected before theyre written. Nobody calls me.
Fairness, fairness is, you know, part of the word. But you know, Ive had stories that are written that are absolutely incorrect. Ill tell you now and the word intent, as you know, is an important word, as you know, in libel. Ill give you an example. Some of the media, not all of it, but some of it, is very, very strong on  you know I get these massive crowds of people, and well get protesters. And these protesters are honestly, theyre very bad people. In many cases, theyre professionals. Highly trained professionals. And I will rent an arena for 20,000 seats and they will come in  because theres really no way  how you going to be able to tell  somebody said oh you shouldnt let em in  how you gonna know, you know? They walk in. [Inaudible] So we had an incident this weekend, which was amazing in Tucson, Arizona where a man, a protestor, wearing a Ku Klux Klan outfit, another one dragging an American flag, was walking out of the arena, and an African American man who was a supporter was sitting there listening to the speech and we had to stop because they were so loud  theyre so loud, these people, I dont know what they do, theyre trained voices or something. And theyre walking up and you saw it, because it was all over television, and the African American man became incensed I think the guy said something to him like you know what, like screw you, okay? Or worse. I think, because he looked over to him and said something to him and the guy just had it. Now, they were together, these two. The one wearing a Ku Klux Klan, the other dragging a flag or something, but the African American man, who I think was an Air Force person, I just read he had a pretty stellar life so far. And he just became incensed. So when I saw the television yesterday early in the morning I saw the Ku Klux Klan, I saw exactly what happened. By the time it got on to the national shows that was for the most part taken out. They just had this African American smacking, you know, fighting. And it didnt make sense, you know, why, why. But if you saw it in the morning it made a lot more sense. We dont condone violence at all but its very, very unfair reporting and we, you know
I say that.
No, because what I am referring to is, weve had some very bad people come in. We had one guy  and I said it  he had the voice  and this was what I was referring to  and I said, Boy, Id like to smash him. You know, I said that. Id like to punch him. This guy was unbelievably loud. He had a voice like Pavarotti. I said if I was his manager I would have made a lot of money for him, because he had the best voice. I mean, the guy was unbelievable, how loud he was. And he was a swinger. He was hitting people. He was punching and swinging and screaming  you couldnt make  so you have to stop. You know, there is also something about the First Amendment, but you had to stop. And, so, this one man was very violent and very loud. And when he was being taken out, he walked out like this, with his finger way up, like, screw everybody. And thats when I made that statement. He was absolutely out  I mean, he hit people and he screamed and then he was walking out and hes giving everybody the finger. And they dont talk about that. See, they dont talk about that. They say, Donald, wait a second, Donald, dont 
No, I condone strong law and order. Ill tell you what they 
Well he punched other people.
Fred, he punched other people. He was punching people. He was  one guy was, you know, Id like to say 
No.
No. When are you talking about? When?
I dont know. I dont know which one.
I dont know. Because weve had so many 
Oh well thats a different  thats different from the one Im talking about. This one was about a month ago. This one was before Fayetteville.
No I dont, no I dont, thats different 
By the way, thats different 
He did give the finger, and 
Well, a lot of people dont  you know, the finger means, F you. A lot of people think  and you have children there, you have a lot of children that go, you know, they go with their parents  a lot of people think thats very inappropriate. I mean, you know 
Well, I think it is.
So do you let him 
Again I dont condone it. So do you let him walk out, hes holding up his finger, telling everybody. Same thing happened, you know, the last one in 
I didnt offer 
No, I didnt offer, Fred 
I said I want to look into it. I said I want to look into it. I didnt say that.
No, I dont think so.
Dont think so.
Its true.
Strong.
Very loud, and its repeated over and over. Actually, I guess its on tape, but they repeat it over and over. One thing that was interesting this weekend. We had in Phoenix, Arizona, we had an interesting incident. We had people, we had a major highway coming into the arena. Its not an arena, its a huge open space, 60 acres, and it was packed. And we had a major highway coming in, and people  protesters  stopped their car in the middle of the highway, chained themselves to their cars, and the cars  blocked. They were there for a while. A car was not able to move. They were backed up for 20  I mean, like, just forever. And, it was terrible. And they were very abusive, screaming, you know, screw you, screw you, pigs, pigs  meaning to the cops. Sheriff Joe Arpaio  now that was his territory. Okay, hes a tough cookie. Sheriff Joe saw this, he gave them a couple of minutes to move their car  they didnt move them  cut the chains, arrested the people and just moved the cars over. I dont know how they did it  just, they were gone in minutes after he came there. Minutes. It was amazing how quick. They actually had chains around their necks. They didnt even know why they were there. People  somebody was interviewed, Why are you here? Well, I dont know, Im not sure. They didnt even know.
I would just loosen them up.
Id have to get my lawyers in to tell you, but I would loosen them up. I would loosen them up. If The Washington Post writes badly about me  and they do, they dont write good  I mean, I dont think I get  I read some of the stories coming up here, and I said to my staff, I said, Why are we even wasting our time? The hatred is so enormous. I dont know why. I mean, I do a good job. I have thousands of employees. I work hard.
No, if its wrong. If its wrong.
I mean, The Washington Post never calls me. I never had a call, Why  why did you do this? or Why did you do that? Its just, you know, like Im this horrible human being. And Im not. You know, the one thing we have in common I think we all love the country. Now, maybe we come at it from different sides, but nobody ever calls me. I mean, Bob Costa calls about a political story  he called because were meeting senators in a little while and congressmen, supporters  but nobody ever calls.
I want to make it more fair from the side where I am, because things are said that are libelous, things are said about me that are so egregious and so wrong, and right now according to the libel laws I can do almost nothing about it because Im a well-known person you know, etc., etc.
Look, I see NATO as a good thing to have  I look at the Ukraine situation and I say, so Ukraine is a country that affects us far less than it affects other countries in NATO, and yet we are doing all of the lifting, theyre not doing anything. And I say, why is it that Germany is not dealing with NATO on Ukraine? Why is it that other countries that are in the vicinity of the Ukraine not dealing with  why are we always the one thats leading, potentially the third world war, okay, with Russia? Why are we always the ones that are doing it? And I think the concept of NATO is good, but I do think the United States has to have some help. We are not helped. Ill give you a better example than that. I mean, we pay billions hundreds of billions of dollars to supporting other countries that are in theory wealthier than we are.
Billions. Well if you look at Germany, if you look at Saudi Arabia, if you look at Japan, if you look at South Korea   I mean we spend billions of dollars on Saudi Arabia, and they have nothing but money. And I say, why? Now I would go in and I would structure a much different deal with them, and it would be a much better deal. When you look at the kind of money that our country is losing, we cant afford to do this. Certainly we cant afford to do it anymore.
I think the answer is yes, it was, but I dont see other people doing much about it. I see us doing things about it, but I dont see other people doing much about it.
No I didnt, oh no no no, okay, I know what youre saying. There was a question asked to me. I said that the military, the generals have said that 20- to 30,000. They said, would you send troops? I didnt say send 20,000. I said, well the generals are saying youd need because they , what would it take to wipe out ISIS, I said pretty much exactly this, I said the generals, the military is saying you would need 20- to 30,000 troops, but I didnt say that I would send them.
I find it hard to go along withI mention that as an example because its so much. Thats why I brought that up. But a couple of people have said the same thing as you, where they said did I say that and I said that thats a number that I heard would be needed. I would find it very, very hard to send that many troops to take care of it. I would say this, I would put tremendous pressure on other countries that are over there to use their troops and Id give them tremendous air supporters and support , because we have to get rid of ISIS, okay, just so  we have to get rid of ISIS. I would get other countries to become very much involved.
I think its a terrible situation, I think its terrible they have no respect for
Well look, we have power over China and people dont realize it. We have trade power over China. I dont think we are going to start World War III over what they did, it affects other countries certainly a lot more than it affects us. Butand honestly, you know part ofI always say we have to be unpredictable. Were totally predictable.  And predictable is bad. Sitting at a meeting like this and explaining my views and if I do become president, I have these views that are down for the other side to look at, you know. I hate being so open. I hate when they say  like I said get rid of the oil, keep the oil, different things over the years, when people are saying what would you do with regard to the Middle East, when we left  We should have never been in Iraq. It was a horr- it was one of the worst decisions ever made in the history of our country. We then got out badly, then after we got out, I said, Keep the oil. If we dont keep it Irans going to get it. And it turns out Iran and ISIS basically
You would You would, well for that for that, I would circle it. I would defend those areas.
Yeah, I would defend the areas with the oil.  And I would have taken out a lot of oil. And, uh, I would have kept it. I mean, I would have kept it, because, look: Iran has the oil, and theyre going to have the oil, well, the stuff they dont have, because Iran is taking over Iraq as sure as youre sitting there. And Ive been very good on this stuff. My prognostications, my predictions have become, have been very accurate, if you look.
Well I know China very well, because I deal with China all the time. Ive done very well. Chinas unbelievably ambitious. China is, uh I mean, when I deal with China, you know, I have the Bank of America building, Ive done some great deals with China. I do deals with them all the time on, you know, selling apartments, and, you know, people say oh thats not the same thing. The level of uh, the largest bank in the world, 400 million customers, is a tenant of mine in New York, in Manhattan. The biggest bank in China. The biggest bank in the world.
I think so, yeah. I think so
We, well, you start making it tougher. Theyre selling their products to us for you know, with no tax, no nothing. By the way, we cant deal with them, but they can deal with us. See, we are free trade. The story is, and I have so many people that deal with China they can easily sell their product here. No tax, no nothing, just come on, bring it all in, you know, bring in your apples, bring in everything you make and no taxes whatsoever, right? If you want to deal with China, its just the opposite. You cant do that. In other words, if you want to, if youre a manufacturer, you want to go into China? Its very hard to get your product in, and if you get it in you have to pay a very big tax.
Well, I, you know, again, I dont like to tell you what Id do, because I dont want to You understand what Im saying, Fred? If I Okay, if I say Well, we should go in and do this or that or that, I dont want to, I dont want to sort of red flag all over it. I do think this: Its an unbelievable thing that theyve done, its unbelievable aggression, its unbelievable lack of respect for this country.
Well Ill give you, Ill give you an example. President Obama, when he left Iraq, gave a specific date  were going to be out. I thought that was a terrible thing to do.  And the enemy pulled back, because they dont want die.  Despite what you read, you know, they dont want to die  and they just pulled back, and after we left, all hell broke out, right? And Ill give you another example that I think was terrible: when they sent, a few months ago, they sent fifty troops in. You know, fifty elite troops. Now, why do we have to have a news conference to announce that were sending fifty troops? So those troops now have targets on their back. Andyou shouldnt do it.  Were so predictable: Ladies and gentlemen, were sending fifty troops into Iraq or Syria. And these are our elite troops. And theyre going to do this and that and that and this. And those troops now are being hunted. If you didnt send them, they wouldnt  if you didnt say that, they wouldnt know. I mean, there are times when you just cant be You talk too much. We talk too much. I guess they thought that was good politically, to say were sending fifty troops? I dont think it was good.
No, I dont want to pull it out. NATO was set up at a different time. NATO was set up when we were a richer country. Were not a rich country. Were borrowing, were borrowing all of this money. Were borrowing money from China, which is a sort of an amazing situation. But things are a much different thing. NATO is costing us a fortune and yes, were protecting Europe but were spending a lot of money. Number 1, I think the distribution of costs has to be changed. I think NATO as a concept is good, but it is not as good as it was when it first evolved. And I think we bear the, you know, not only financially, we bear the biggest brunt of it. Obama has been stronger on the Ukraine than all the other countries put together, and those other countries right next door to the Ukraine. And I just say we have, Im not even knocking it, Im just saying I dont think its fair, were not treated fair. I dont think were treated fair, Charles, anywhere. If you look everything we have. You know, South Korea is very rich. Great industrial country. And yet were not reimbursed fairly for what we do. Were constantly, you know, sending our ships, sending our planes, doing our war games, doing other. Were reimbursed a fraction of what this is all costing.
50 percent?
Why isnt it 100 percent?
Personally I dont think so. I personally dont think so. Look. I have great relationships with South Korea. I have buildings in South Korea. But thats a wealthy country. They make the ships, they make the televisions, they make the air conditioning. They make tremendous amounts of products. Its a huge, its a massive industrial complex country. And 
I think that we are not in the position that we used to be. I think we were a very powerful, very wealthy country. And were a poor country now. Were a debtor nation. How you going to get rid  let me ask you  how are you going get rid of $21 trillion in debt? Youre going to be at 21 trillion in a matter of minutes because of that new omnibus budget. So they passed that ridiculous omnibus budget. How you going to get rid of that debt. Were spending that to protect other countries. Were not spending it on ourselves. Because we have, we have armor-plated vehicles that are obsolete. The best ones are given to the enemy. We give them to our allies over in the Middle East. A bullet shot in the air and they immediately run and the enemy takes over. I have a friend whose son is in his third, his third tour over in Iraq. Hes over in, I mean hes a very special kid, hes a great kid. But hes over in the Middle East, and, uh, Afghanistan, different parts of the Middle East, actually. And he said to me, I said to him what do you think. And he said, its so sad. He said the enemy has our equipment  the new version  and we have all the old version, and the enemy has our equipment, because they get into a fight with the so-called people like the Freedom Fighters, you know the whole Syrian deal, where were sending billions and billions of dollars worth, and they capture the equipment. In most cases the shots are fired and everybody leaves. And these are the people were backing. And we dont know if its going to be another Saddam Hussein deal, in other words, lets get rid of Assad with these people and these people end up being worse. Okay? But he said, they have better equipment. Its our equipment. They have, I guess we send 2,300 Humvees over, all armor-plated. So we have wounded warriors, with no legs, with no arms, because they were driving in stuff without the armor. And the enemy has most of the new ones we sent over that they captured. And he said, its so discouraging when they see that the enemy has better equipment than we have  and its our equipment.
Look, they are spending vicious  I dont even know these people. Those Ricketts. I actually said they ought to focus on the Chicago Cubs and, you know, stop playing around. They spent millions of dollars fighting me in Florida. And out of 68 counties, I won 66. I won by 20 points, almost 20 points. Against, everybody thought he was a popular sitting senator. I had $38 million dollars spent on me in Florida over a short period of time. $38 million. And, you know, the Ricketts, I dont even know these people.
Well, it means that Ill start spending on them. Ill start taking ads telling them all what a rotten job theyre doing with the Chicago Cubs. I mean, they are spending on me. I mean, so am I allowed to say that? Ill start doing ads about their baseball team. That its not properly run or that they havent done a good job in the brokerage business lately.
No, not while I am president. No, not while Im president. That is two phases. Right now, look, you know, I went to a great school, I was a good student and all. I am an intelligent person. My uncle, I would say my uncle was one of the brilliant people. He was at MIT for 35 years. As a great scientist and engineer, actually more than anything else. Dr. John Trump, a great guy. Im an intelligent person. I understand what is going on. Right now, I had 17 people who started out. They are almost all gone. If I were going to do that in a different fashion I think I probably wouldnt be sitting here. You would be interviewing somebody else. But it is hard to act presidential when you are being  I mean, actually I think it is presidential because it is winning. And winning is a pretty good thing for this country because we dont win any more. And I say it all the time. We do not win any more. This country doesnt win. We dont win with trade. We dont win with  We cant even beat ISIS. And by the way, just to answer the rest of that question, I would knock the hell out of ISIS in some form. I would rather not do it with our troops, you understand that. Very important. Because I think saying that is very important because I was against the war in Iraq, although they found a clip talking to Howard Stern, I said, Well It was very unenthusiastic. Before they want in, I was totally against the war. I was against it for years. I actually had a delegation sent from the White House to talk to me because I guess I get a disproportionate amount of publicity. I was just against the war. I thought it would destabilize the Middle East, and it did. But we have to knock out ISIS. We are living like in medieval times. Who ever heard of the heads chopped off?
No, no. No, no. I am not doing that.
No, I had to do it. Look, this guy. Heres my hands. Now I have my hands, I hear, on the New Yorker, a picture of my hands.
A hand with little fingers coming out of a stem. Like, little. Look at my hands. Theyre fine. Nobody other than Graydon Carter years ago used to use that. My hands are normal hands. During a debate, he was losing, and he said, Oh, he has small hands and therefore, you know what that means. This was not me. This was Rubio that said, He has small hands and you know what that means. Okay? So, he started it. So, what I said a couple of days later  and what happened is I was on line shaking hands with supporters, and one of supporters got up and he said, Mr. Trump, you have strong hands. You have good-sized hands. And then another one would say, You have great hands, Mr. Trump, I had no idea. I said, What do you mean? He said, I thought you were like deformed, and I thought you had small hands. I had fifty people  Is that a correct statement? I mean people were writing, How are Mr. Trumps hands? My hands are fine. You know, my hands are normal. Slightly large, actually. In fact, I buy a slightly smaller than large glove, okay? No, but I did this because everybody was saying to me, Oh, your hands are very nice. They are normal. So Rubio, in a debate, said, because he had nothing else to say  now I was hitting him pretty hard. He wanted to do his Don Rickles stuff and it didnt work out. Obviously, it didnt work too well. But one of the things he said was He has small hands and therefore, you know what that means, he has small something else. You can look it up. I didnt say it.
No, I chose to respond.
I had no choice.
I dont want people to go around thinking that I have a problem. Im telling you, Ruth, I had so many people. I would say 25, 30 people would tell me  every time Id shake peoples hand, Oh, you have nice hands. Why shouldnt I? And, by the way, by saying that I solved the problem. Nobody questions  I even held up my hands, and said, Look, take a look at that hand.
And by saying that, I solved the problem. Nobody questions. Everyone held my hand. I said look. Take a look at that hand.
I dont know if it was presidential, honestly, whether it is or not. He said, Donald Trump has small hands and therefore he has small something else. I didnt say that. And all I did is when he failed, when he was failing, when he was, when Christie made him look bad, I gave him the a little recap and I said,  and I said, and I had this big strong powerful hand ready to grab him, because I thought he was going to faint. And everybody took it fine. Whether it was presidential or not I cant tell you. I can just say that what he said was a lie. And everybody, they wanted to do stories on my hands; after I said that, they never did. And then I held up the hand, I showed people the hand. You know, when Ive got a big audience. So yeah, I think its not a question of presidential 
I did feel I should respond. Maybe Im wrong. I dont know. But I felt I should respond because everybody was talking about it.
I dont want to use, I dont want to start the process of nuclear. Remember the one thing that everybody has said, Im a counterpuncher. Rubio hit me. Bush hit me. When I said low energy, hes a low-energy individual, he hit me first. I spent, by the way he spent 18 million dollars worth of negative ads on me. Thats putting [MUFFLED]
Ill tell you one thing, this is a very good looking group of people here.  Could I just go around so I know who the hell Im talking to?
Oh is it?
Okay we do.
Okay. Ill talk about that.
Yes, I know Charles.
Good, yes, yes.
Well, first of all, if you look at some polls that have come out, Im doing very well with African Americans. Im doing, actually if you look at the polls, a lot of the polls that came out, in the, um, what do they call it? Exit polls, like from Nevada and other places, Im doing very well with Hispanics.
We do, if its illegals, in other words, if its everybody, but people that are legally living here, Im doing very well. In other words, people that are here, like Hispanics that are in the country, Im doing very well. People that vote. Like people leaving voting booths and all, Im doing very well with them. I want to be inclusive, but at the same time, people should come here legally. They should be here legally. And I think the reason Im doing, that I will do well, especially once I get started, dont forget I havent even focused on Hillary yet. And, and as you know, you know Ive had polls that are against me, but Ive had many polls that say Id beat Hillary, but theyre not that, that, they dont mean  anything now because its too early. Because I havent hit her. Ive only hit her once, and that was eight weeks ago, but, I havent started on Hillary yet, and when I do I think Ill be able to make my  points. I mean, you know, but, but I think that just to try and answer your question: Uh, I am the least racist person that you will ever meet. Okay. That I can tell you.
I dont think so. No, I dont think so. With the Muslim thing I think its a serious problem. Ive had Muslims call and tell me youre right with the Muslim thing, I think its a serious problem.  And its a problem that has to be addressed. I mean, theres tremendous hatred. Even the, even the guy they caught in Paris. He was being hid out by other Muslims, and everybody is after him, and hes living right next to where he grew up.  Theres a serious, serious problem with the Muslims and its got to be addressed. Its temporary, and its got to be addressed. And you know you may think of it as negative. Many people think its very positive.
Well look, theres many exceptions. Theres many  everything, youre going to go through a process. But we have to be very careful. And I was really referring in particular, you know, to migrations  Syrians, the whole migration, where were going to take in thousands. And I heard in the Democrat debate, I heard 55,000, okay. 55,000. Now they say its really ten [thousand], but its already 10, and I just dont think we can take people into this country. You saw what two people did  the woman and the man, whether she radicalized him or [inaudible]  but you saw what two people did, and I just dont think we can take people in when we have no idea who they are, where they come from. Theres no documents, theres no paper, and we have ISIS looming over our head, and we have tremendous destruction. We lost the World Trade Center, we lost the Pentag  you know, we had a plane go into the Pentagon, etc.
I think statehood is a tough thing for D.C. I think its a tough thing. I dont have a position on it yet. I would form a position. But I think statehood is a tough thing for D.C.
I think its just something that I dont think Id be inclined to do. Id like to study it. Its not a question really  maybe Chuck didnt ask me like youre asking me  I dont see statehood for D.C.
I think thats something that would be okay. Having representation would be okay.
I think theres a change in weather. I am not a great believer in man-made climate change. Im not a great believer. There is certainly a change in weather that goes  if you look, they had global cooling in the 1920s and now they have global warming, although now they dont know if they have global warming. They call it all sorts of different things; now theyre using extreme weather I guess more than any other phrase. I am not  I know it hurts me with this room, and I know its probably a killer with this room  but I am not a believer. Perhaps theres a minor effect, but Im not a big believer in man-made climate change.
Well I just think we have much bigger risks. I mean I think we have militarily tremendous risks. I think were in tremendous peril. I think our biggest form of climate change we should worry about is nuclear weapons. The biggest risk to the world, to me  I know President Obama thought it was climate change  to me the biggest risk is nuclear weapons. Thats  that is climate change. That is a disaster, and we dont even know where the nuclear weapons are right now. We dont know who has them. We dont know whos trying to get them. The biggest risk for this world and this country is nuclear weapons, the power of nuclear weapons.
