Where do you start the movie? I think its actually  and very interesting question  but I think the start was standing on top of the escalator at Trump Tower on June 16, which is the day  Bob, you were there, and you know what I mean, because there has. . . . I mean, it looked like the Academy Awards. I talk about it. There were so many cameras. So many  it was packed. The atrium of Trump Tower, which is a very big place, was packed. It literally looked like the Academy Awards. And . . .  .
  Before that? Okay, because that was really . . .  .
Well, but that was  okay, but I will tell you, until the very end. . . . You know, I have a good life. I built a great company. Its been amazingly  Im sure you looked at the numbers. I have very little debt, tremendous assets. And great cash flows. I have a wonderful family. Ivanka just had a baby. Doing this is not the easiest thing in the world to do. People have  many of my friends, very successful people, have said, "Why would you do this?"
Yeah. I would really say it was at the beginning of last year, like in January of last year. And there were a couple of times. One was, I was doing a lot of deals. I was looking at very seriously one time, not  they say, oh, he looked at it for many  I really, no. I made a speech at the end of the '80s in New Hampshire, but it was really a speech that was, it was not a political speech. But because it happened to be in New Hampshire . . .  .
And he was a very nice guy. But he asked me. And he was so intent, and I made a speech. It was not a political speech, anyway, and I forgot about it.
Well no, the real possibility was the Romney time, or the Romney term. This last one four years ago. I looked at that, really. I never looked at it seriously then. I was building my business, I was doing well. And I went up to New Hampshire, made a speech. And because it was in New Hampshire, it was sort of like, Trump is going to run. And since then people have said, Trump is going to run. I never was interested. I could almost say at all, gave it very little thought, other than the last time, where Romney was running. And I thought that Romney was a weak candidate. I thought that  I thought Obama was very beatable. Very, very beatable. You know, you had a president who was not doing well, to put it nicely. And I looked at that very seriously. I had some difficulty because I was doing some big jobs that were finishing up, which I wanted to do. My children were younger. And four years makes a big difference. And I also had a signed contract to do "The Apprentice" with NBC. Which in all fairness, you know, sounds like  when youre talking about president it doesnt sound much, but when you have a two-hour show, prime time, every once a week on a major network . . .  .
 So  okay.
Okay.
 Big decision. Yeah, this is a big decision. And I say, sometimes Ill say it in the speeches. It takes guts to run for president, especially if youre not a politician, youve never . . .  .
What happened is, during that time that I was just talking about, I started saying Id like to do it, but I wasnt really in a position to do it. I was doing a lot of things, and I had a signed contract with NBC. But I started thinking about it. And the press started putting me in polls, and I was winning in the polls. In fact, the day before, I was on "Meet the Press" the day before I announced I wasnt going to do it, and I got signed for another two years of "The Apprentice" and everything else. Which, by the way, I dont know if you saw, but "The Apprentice" is a big thing. I made two hundred . . .  .
Yeah. You were shocked. Remember this crazy man, Lawrence ODonnell  hes a total crazy nut  he said, Donald Trump only made a million dollars with "The Apprentice." I said, "A million dollars?" You know, when you have a show thats essentially number one almost every time it goes on, you can name it. . . . So anyway, when they added it all up  and these are certified numbers, because you have to do certified numbers  it came out to $213 million. Okay? Thats what I made on "The Apprentice." Thats just  and thats one of my small things. Thats what I made. You know? So it was put at $213 million, and it was certified. And your friend Joe in the morning said, "Theres no way he only made. . . ." They had a big fight, and ODonnell, Lawrence ODonnell started crying. I never saw anything like it. Do you remember? He started crying. [Laughter] He actually started crying. But that shows the level of hatred that people have. But what happened is, I made  I had a very, very successful show. And they put me in polls, and I was essentially leading right at the top, without doing any work. Not one speech, not one anything. But any time I was in a poll, I did very well in the poll. Anyway, I decided not to do it. NBC called and Mark Burnett would call, and I did see if I could get out. I had another year on the contract. Because youre not allowed, because of the equal time, youre not allowed to have a show . . .  .
Well, thats what  I mean. . . . Between 2011 and 2014? I would say, just thought process. Only thought process.
 Yeah, I mean, I was doing  but in terms of this, only thought process. So what happened, but during this period of time, I said, you know, this is something I really would like to do. I think Id do it really well. Obviously the public seems to like me, because without any . . .  .
To myself.
To my family, but to myself.
   Yeah, to myself, and . . .  .
This is thought process. And Im saying to myself, you know, look, they put me in these polls. Im number one. In fact, I said, Im probably the only person ever to announce Im not going to run for president when Im number one in the polls. Because I remember the week that I announced that I wasnt going to run and that I was going to  that basically NBC extended me for quite a period of time. And the week . . .  . Oh, this is my son Don. Bob and Bob.
: I know. At least I know one Bob. How are you?
So during  and I spoke to Don, I spoke to my children about it. But during this period of time, I said, you know, I think I could probably do very well if I did it. But I didnt do it because of contractual obligations, because I was finishing up things. Actually, this is one of the things right now. This started afterward. This started, were actually a year and a half ahead of schedule and under budget on this hotel. So what happened, Bob, what happened is . . .  . But during this period, I started really thinking during this period of time. And then Romney was a very, very failed and flawed candidate. He did a very poor job. Because I always felt that was a race that shouldve been won. I think in many respects thats an easier race than the race you have now. And Romney did a poor job. And we all go back to work. Then about a year before June 16  thats the day that I announced  I started really thinking about it very, very strongly. But the show continued to do very well. You know, 14 seasons, thats a long time. But it continued to do very well.
Well, Ill tell you a moment.
Ill tell you a moment when it kicked to yes. Because it was a monetary moment also. So you saw that it made a lot of money because it was certified. Now its much more, because I also have a big chunk of the show. We chose Arnold Schwarzenegger to take my place. Okay? And hopefully Arnold will do well; who knows? But there was a moment in, I would say, February of last year, so that would be four months, three, four months before I announced, when Steve Burke, great guy, of Comcast  the head  came to see me with the top people at NBC. And they wanted to extend my contract. And I said, "Steve, I think that I am going to run for president. And if I do that, Im not allowed to have a show." In fact, when I did "Saturday Night Live" recently, it was a whole big deal. Im not allowed to be on, and they actually had to give certain periods of time to other candidates that were running. It was a whole big . . .  . So. I disagree with the equal time provisions. I think theyre very unfair. But nevertheless, you have them. So I said, "Steve, I cant have a show if I run. I cant be having a show, so Im not going to run." He says, "No, no, no, youre going to do it." I said, "Steve, Im going to." And they actually went to the upfronts and they announced that "The Apprentice"  in fact, you had a problem with it, because you were hearing that I was going to run, and then they announce that theyre going to renew "The Apprentice" with Donald Trump. And I remember he called one of my people, maybe Hope. But he called one of my people and said, "Wait a minute, hes going to run, but he just announced hes doing 'The Apprentice.' " Do you remember that problem?
I didnt announce it. It was NBC, they so wanted the show to be renewed.
Well, okay. Sure. Okay. Prior to that, I just felt there were so many things going wrong with the country. In particular, because Im a very natural person when it comes to business, I assume  I mean, Ive done really well, and I do have an instinct for that  and I felt that we were doing some of the worst trade deals ever. And then you look at whats going on in Iran with the beginning of negotiations of that disastrous deal. You know, look, it couldve been a much better deal, Bob. They couldve walked a couple of times. They couldve doubled the sanctions for a couple of days and gotten the prisoners out early. They couldve done so many things. To give the $150 billion back was terrible. So it was a terrible deal. It was a terrible negotiation. It was negotiated by people that are poor negotiators against great negotiators. Persians being great negotiators, okay? Its one of those things. You might be Persian. But the Iranians, frankly, are great negotiators. The deal was a disaster. But I would see so many things. And it would make me angry.
 I would say in my case, more than anything else, the stupidity of the trade deals that we have with China, with Japan, with Mexico, with other . . .  . Because thats something that I see. And I didnt know that it would hit such a chord, because its hit a chord with a lot of . . .  .
Well, I would tell my family about it all the time. Don is one of my sons, and doing a really good job. Hes involved very much in this job. . . . Don and my family, I would talk about it a lot. I would say, "I cant believe theyre doing it." And another thing would happen. I own a big part of the Bank of America building in San Francisco [and]  1290 Avenue of the Americas. I got it from China. Meaning Chinese people had it. It was a big thing. It was a war, it was actually a war.
Oh. Yeah.
I think my wife would much have preferred that I didnt do it. Shes a very private person. She was a very, very successful  very, very successful model. She made a tremendous amount of money and had great success and dealt at the . . .  .
She was, she said, we have such a great life. "Why do you want to do this?" She was . . .  .
I said, "I sort of have to do it, I think. I really have to do it." Because its something Id be  I could do such a great job. I really wanted to give something back. I dont want to act overly generous, but I really wanted to give something back.
 Yeah, I had to.
Well, shes a very private person, and very smart person. Im sure youve seen a couple of interviews that shes done. Shes very smart. And theres no games. You know, its boom, its all business. But a very smart person. And considered one of the great beauties.
 And she said, "Why are we doing the . . .  ." Oh, absolutely. She said, "If you want to do it, then you should do it, but . . .  ." And she actually said something that was very interesting. Shes very observant. And she would go around with me. And look, Ive been around for a long time at a high level. Thats why you were up in my office in, I guess it was 89, I cant believe. So that might help you with your check. Check 89, 88. But Ive been around a long time. She said, "You know if you run, youll win." I said, "I dont know if Im going to win." She said, "If you run, youll win. But if you say youre going to run, theyre never going to  people are not going to believe it." Because people were let down the first time, I will tell you. They really wanted me to run, and I wouldve beaten Romney. They really  they wanted me to run that time. So for the most part, the polls didnt include me. And then one poll included me, and I didnt do that well. I was down at like 3 percent. I said to my wife, "I dont think I can run. Im down at 3 percent." Boy, thats a long way to go up. And she goes, "No, no, no, youre only at 3 percent because they dont believe youre running. If they thought you were going to run . . .  ." I said,"No, no, the poll said Im going to run." She said, "No, no, they still dont believe it." It doesnt matter what the poll says. The poll can say, you are going to run, Donald Trump is going to absolutely run. It was very interesting. Sort of like  I called her my pollster. She said, "No, no, they wont believe that. I dont care if they put it in, if they put it at the top of your building, 'Im going to run.' Theyre not going to believe it unless that you go out and announce that youre going to run." And she said, "I hope you dont do it, but if you run, youll win."
So it was an evolution.
And then the big thing, by the way, the big thing was standing at the top of that escalator, looking down into that room  which was a sea of reporters, of which he was one, but a sea  that was as big as anything weve had. And getting up and saying, all right. And I remember. I took a deep breath. I said, "Lets go," to my wife. And you know, we came down. Pretty famous scene, the escalator scene. Boom. And we started, and we talked illegal immigration, and it became a very big subject, and thats where we started.
Okay. So first of all, I have to get there. Because I view it as a highly competitive process. Ive been, its very interesting, Ive done very well up until now. Ive taken out a lot of people. We had 17 people.
Okay. I think more than anything else, its the security of our nation. Thats always going to be  thats number one, two and three. After that, many things come into focus. Its health, its health care. Its jobs. Its the economy. But number one and I say number one, two, three  is the security of the country. The military, being strong, not letting bad things happen to our country from the outside. And I certainly think that thats always going to be my number one part of that definition.
Right.
Thats true. Thats true.
Well, I think Lincoln succeeded for numerous reasons. He was a man who was of great intelligence, which most presidents would be. But he was a man of great intelligence, but he was also a man that did something that was a very vital thing to do at that time. Ten years before or 20 years before, what he was doing would never have even been thought possible. So he did something that was a very important thing to do, and especially at that time. And Nixon failed, I think to a certain extent, because of his personality. You know? It was just that personality. Very severe, very exclusive. In other words, people couldnt come in. And people didnt like him. I mean, people didnt like him.
And he broke the law, yeah. Yeah. He broke the law. Whether thats insecurity . . .  .
Yeah. Whether thats  right. And he broke the law.
Sure. Sure.
Right.
   Right.
Well, and he was actually talking very much about himself, because ultimately, ultimately, that is what destroyed him. Hate is what destroyed him. And such an interesting figure. I mean, you would know that better than anybody. But such an interesting figure. And such a man of great talent. I mean, Nixon had great potential, great talent. Unfortunately it was a very sad legacy in the end. It turned out to be a very sad legacy. Su
